Token 91987737
system.hostname wifimedia
system.reboot 1
system.admin.passwd 12345
wifimedia.sync.time 11
network.wan.ipaddr 192.168.1.2
network.wan.netmask 255.255.255.0
network.wan.proto static/dhcp
network.wan.type bridge
network.lan.ipaddr  172.16.99.1
network.lan.netmask  255.255.255.0
network.lan.proto  static/dhcp
network.lan.type  bridge
dhcp.lan.start 99
dhcp.lan.limit 100
dhcp.lan.leasetime 1h
scheduled enable
scheduled.time.hour 5
scheduled.time.minute 00
wireless.radio.enable enable
wireless.essid.hide 0
wireless.essid.ssid PDA
wireless.essid.key 11111111
wireless.essid.isolate 0
wireless.essid.network lan/wan
wireless.essid.mode ap
wireless.essid.channel 9
wireless.essid.country TW
wireless.essid.maxassoc 30
wireless.essid.nasid wifimediaxxx
wireless.essid.fastroaming ieee80211r/ieee80211i
ap.upgade
ap.reset


